DOCS-946: Deal with camera SDK differences (#1568)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/camera/_index.md

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="Go" %}}

{{% alert title="Info" color="info" %}}

> Unlike most Viam [component APIs](/program/apis/#component-apis), the methods of the Go camera client do not map exactly to the Python SDK camera methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike most Viam [component APIs](/program/apis/#component-apis), the methods of the Go camera client do not map exactly to the names of the other SDK's camera methods.
```

> `Stream` works somewhat differently from the Python `get_image` method.
> In the example below, note how a stream is constructed before the next image is gotten from the stream.

Reviewer: I'd prefer to not use Python as a reference:
```suggestion
To get an image in the Go SDK, you first need to construct a `Stream` and then you can get the next image from that stream.
```
